incentive for traders to push the metal to US. And that has led to certain decline in the aluminum crisis and other basements since last couple of days. So that's number one. And number two is now the question is arising on the media on top demand and how that will pan out because the supply chain because of these reciprocal types that comes into the question because most of the Southeast Asian countries where the reciprocal tariff is imposed and also China. So how
countries where the reciprocal tariff is imposed and also China. So how the metal bill flow ex-US market that is also one of the reasons where the demand picture in the medium term is coming and domestic US demand is also common question. So on this point, Factors indicate that if the demand dynamics ultimately gets then the practice commodity prices have to reflect downwards.
then the practice, commodity prices have to reflect downwards. So in general, we have seen in last couple of years that the metal cycles are not moving secularly upwards. The cycles have become shortened and volatile. That is because the major consumer China, the property sector is not picking up when it is stagnated. So we have to play in a very short volatile cycles. We have to capture the cycle at the bottom when the valuations.
We have to play in a very short volatile cycles. We have to capture the cycle at the bottom when the valuations are very lucrative and at the bottom. And we have to exit when the valuations are expensive. So now I, we foresee some further downside from here. It does stock prices. Correct, maybe by 10% in another 10% in the valuation becomes attractive. And then once again, we can think of entering the cycle. But as I said, the cycles will be very short and volatile both. Success on laws.
of both Ferris and Non Ferris from here on? So recently the Non Ferris prizes were strong and those have corrected since last couple of days and the prizes may correct further. So it's like a speculative to point out the quantum of correction, but for Ferris, now the situation that the Ferris has already taken a lot of beating. And we have seen that the Ferris, the sea prizes have kind of bottomed out and the steel wheels have taken pride.
