day-to-day things have been shifting and changing, but I think over the course of the coming months, we would start to see some of that smoke clearing, I guess, in terms of the fog that is out there at this moment in time. By all means, I think this could get worse before it gets better. We should be very aware of the fact that there are some material changes happening to the global markets right now and a wide range of possible outcomes. But we still have a view that when you're looking at a little bit further, about six to 12 months from here, we'll be past that peak uncertainty and we'll start.
just happening to the global markets right now and a wide range of possible outcomes. But we still have a view that when you're looking at a little bit further, about six to 12 months from here, we'll be past that peak uncertainty and we'll start to see an environment whereby the USA assets, for instance, can start to outperform again. But absolutely right now, huge uncertainty and we could get worse before it gets better because what we've seen in the last couple of days is a stagnation ratio. The way you said it, perhaps in some time.
in the last couple of days is this declaration ratio? The Vick, you said that perhaps in some time from now, US risk assets could start performing well. And can you just expand on that? Because what's happened is obviously the US equity markets back has broken. It's taking down all global equity markets along with it. And there's a general sense of risk off. So what do you see ahead? When do you see some semblance of stability returning to that market? Because I mean, we don't know when this is over. We don't know the new trade alignments, the final tattoo of flying status.
to that market because I mean we don't know when this is over, we don't know the new trade alignments, the final tariff, flying tariff rates, nothing is clear right now. This is very true and indeed the US has underperformed other regional sort of markets a year to date for the reasons you've mentioned because of the huge uncertainty that is there. I guess one of the things that I'd say though is that markets had been anticipating looking at the measures in the last couple of days as a sort of a milestone with regards to how we look at the
at the measures in the last couple of days as a sort of a milestone with regards to how we look at the their future kind of opportunity set. And my point is that what we've seen announced and presented at least as ceilings, they're presented at least as an upper bound of how how severe I guess some of the imposed tariffs could be. And there's room for those to effectively come down. There's room for the landing zone to be lesser than the ceilings that are currently making the Cassini.
