Micae bity, that's lost about 10% over the last two trading sessions yesterday and today. In fact, more than that, maybe even inching towards a 12-13% kind of a knock on a co-forge, Billasov persistent. Very few stocks in the green, but I think top honors to HDFC Bank today. Yeah. Good deposit numbers, what on quarter? I think beyond the deposit numbers, it's just like, what can you buy in this market, which will not be impacted too much by anything that's happening, global facing? Where can you hide for cover? Micae is not that sector. FMCG is not that sector.
IT is not that sector. So you left very little choices, but financials and pristine, clean financials are the only stocks which perhaps are offering that sense of safety coupled with the fact that the Q4 numbers have been pretty decent for most. Judge Finance bought 1.5% on the higher side, HDFC Bank, ICIC Bank. So financials are becoming a bit of a safe haven. However, I mean a lot of commentators you heard on the channel since morning have been saying that they might not necessarily be market leaders, post a voice for a new bull market, but at least they are offering safe.
a bit of a safe haven. However, I mean a lot of commentators you heard on the channel since morning have been saying that they might not necessarily be market leaders, post a voice over a new bull market, but at least they are offering safety right now. Anyway, when you talk about losers, anybody who's looking at the broader market, I mean the decline on a couple of these large stocks, either they're large caps or large mid caps, it's staggering. Like I'm saying, global facing names, commodity names like Vedanta Vedanta is now down 9%. In Dalko, Tara Seal, you've discussed, look at oil India smashed.
commodity names like Vedanta Vedanta is now down 9 percent. In Dalkotara's seal we've discussed, look at oil and they are smashed, 8 percent lower. So, Nalko commodity stocks are absolutely getting pummeled. So that's one clear takeaway. Stock like Bharat forge, I mean clear exposure to the US market, though they said Mr. Kalyani told us that they have plants in the US and they're going to try and ramp it up very quickly to see if they can produce more out there. So that's the sense of damage that we're seeing.
plus 8% down. PG doesn't even have exposure. We spoke to the company this morning. They don't have exports right now. And it's all very domestic facing, room air conditioners, et cetera. But people are just taking the money and running for the hills at least for the timing. Look at the Metcap index down 3.3%. 3.3%. This is not a market where anyone wants to show bravado and maybe for good reason. OK, so let's straight away get to the strategies. How do you navigate a market like this? We've got Mithesh, back with us.
